Update context, newContext and newPage description for browser module (#1242)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/01 browser/context.md

</Blockquote>

### Returns

| Type           | Description                                                                                                                              |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| object \| null | The current [BrowserContext](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/browser/browsercontext/) if one has been created, otherwise `null`. |

### Example

```javascript
import { browser } from 'k6/experimental/browser';

export const options = {
  scenarios: {
    browser: {
      executor: 'shared-iterations',
      options: {
        browser: {
            type: 'chromium',
        },
      },
    },
  },
}

export default function () {

>   console.log(browser.context()); // null
> 
>   const page = browser.newPage();
>   const context = browser.context();
>   console.log(context); // {"base_event_emitter":{}}

Reviewer: I'm not sure we should reference the `base_event_emitter` in JS API docs example, as it seems a pretty internal element, even thought that is what would actually be printed, but I think It might confuse users. What do you think?

Would it work an example such as:
```suggestion
  console.log(browser.context()); // null

  const page1 = browser.newPage(); // implicitly creates a new browserContext
  const context = browser.context(); // underlying live browserContext associated with browser
  const page2 = context.newPage(); // shares the browserContext with page1
```
Maybe too many comments though.

Author: Yeah, i was wondering the same. I like your suggestion 👍
